Q.1 :- What is use of Gitignore File in React Application?

Answer :- The gitignore file is used in a React application to specify which files and directories should not be tracked by Git.
          It reduces the size of your Git repository, as large binary files (like those found in the node_modules directory) are not included.
          It keeps your repository clean, as it does not include generated files that can easily be recreated during development.
          It improves collaboration, as developers can focus on the relevant parts of the codebase and avoid conflicts with generated files.


Q.2 :- How we can create the React Application? Explain the all Steps for them.

Answer :- To create a React application, follow these steps:
          1.Install Node.js and NPM before creating a React application, make sure you have installed Node.js and NPM on your computer. If you haven't installed them

          2.Install Create React App After installing Node.js and NPM, open your terminal and run the following command to install the "create-react-app" package globally on your computer:

          npm install -g create-react-app
          3.Create a New React Application Once the "create-react-app" package is installed, you can create a new React application by running the following command:
          create-react-app my-app

          Replace "my-app" with the name you want to give your application.

          Run the React Application Navigate to the root directory of your application using the terminal and run the following command to start the development server:
          cd my-app
          npm start

Q.3 :- What do you know about NPM?

Answer :- NPM (Node Package Manager) is a package manager for JavaScript and Node.js. It allows developers to share and manage code.

Q.4 :- What are the advantages of using React?

Answer :-  React offers several advantages that make it a popular choice for web application development. Its use of a virtual DOM, component-based architecture, 
           and unidirectional data flow contribute to efficient rendering and easier maintenance of code.

Q.5 :- What are the limitations of React?

Answer :- React is a powerful and flexible library for building user interfaces. However, its limitations should be considered when deciding whether React is the 
          right choice for a particular project. These limitations can often be overcome with proper planning, strategy, and implementation.



